Hi everybody this is Blank Dino
and today we're gonna be learning about
egg molding. Specifically egg morning
for bento.  If you've never done it before, what you do is, you make boiled eggs and place
them in a mold
and they come out in cute shapes and
I hope you have fun!
The first thing you'll need to do is get egg molds.
I got these on Amazon and I'll add a
link in the comment on where to buy them.
Fill a pot with water.
Turn on your stove, and place the pot on the burner.
You want to get jumbo or large eggs
Add some salt to your water
carefully and one at a time place the
eggs into your water ones that has come to a boil.
be careful that you didn't add too much
water or the pot will
overflow when you add the eggs.
after you add the eggs set a timer for
eight minutes
while the eggs are boiling add ice to a bowl and then add water.  Leave it in the sink.
Once your timer goes
off
Remove the eggs and place them
carefully
one at a time into the ice water
After they've been in the ice water for about 10 minutes remove them
and peel them
I like to tap the egg a few times on
the counter before peeling
it helps make it easier.
Once you have your egg peeled take that bad boy and put him in the mold
Now if you have a jumbo eggs like I do
we're gonna have some egg
squeeze out the side so it might be good to use a large size egg
Once you have your egg on the mold
place it back into the ice water this will allow the egg to set and
stay in that cute shape
Do this for all of your eggs and all of your molds.
after about 10 minutes you can take your
eggs out on the water
and open the molds.  Now if you used jumbo eggs or large eggs like me
you're going to need to use a small paring knife to cut away the excess bits of egg
These pieces of egg are still edible
so you can eat them as a snack.
Carefully cut away the
sides so that the egg edge is smooth
But don't cut yourself
because that is bad
then after you're done cutting the edges remove the egg from the mold
and here you have our finished product
A heart and a star
thanks for watching don't forget to like
comment and subscribe
BlankDino